VAULT-23335: Audit - Exclusion Docs (Draft) (#26696)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/audit-options-common.mdx

- `elide_list_responses` `(bool: false)` - See [Eliding list response
bodies](/vault/docs/audit#eliding-list-response-bodies).

> - `exclude` `(string: "")` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> Allows a number of
> exclusions to be provided which, when their condition is matched, will remove the
> specified fields from the audit entry being written. See the [exclusion](/vault/docs/enterprise/audit/exclusion)
> section of the auditing overview for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exclude` `(string: "")` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> Defines a set of 
  rules such that, when the condition is matched, Vault removes the specified
  fields from the audit entry before writing to the audit log. Refer to the
  [exclusion](/vault/docs/enterprise/audit/exclusion) section of the auditing
  overview for more information.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
